# Diplomas
When Petya was at school, he often took part in Olympiads 
in computer science, mathematics and physics. Since he was 
quite a capable boy and studied hard, he received diplomas 
at many of these Olympiads. By the end of school, he had 
accumulated n diplomas, and, as it turned out, they all 
had the same dimensions: w - in width and h - in height. 
Now Petya studies at one of the best Russian universities 
and lives in a dormitory with his classmates. He decided 
to decorate his room by hanging his diplomas for school 
Olympiads on one of the walls. Since it is quite difficult 
to attach diplomas to a concrete wall, he decided to buy a 
special board made of cork wood to attach it to the wall, 
and the diplomas to it. In order for this structure to 
look more beautiful, Petya wants the board to be square 
and take up as little space on the wall as possible. Each 
diploma should be placed strictly in a rectangle measuring 
w by h. Diplomas may not be rotated 90 degrees. Rectangles 
corresponding to different diplomas must not have common 
internal points. It is required to write a program that 
will calculate the minimum size of the board side that 
Petya will need to place all of his diplomas.

## Input format
The input file contains three integers: w, h, n (1 ≤ w, h, 
n ≤ 109).

## Output format
The output file must contain the answer to the given 
problem.