# Homework on accents
The teacher gave Petya homework - to place stresses in 
words in a given text, after which she asked Vasya to 
check this homework. Vasya is very unfamiliar with this 
topic, so he found a dictionary that indicated how 
stresses are given in words. Unfortunately, this 
dictionary does not include all the words. Vasya 
decided that in words that are not in the dictionary, 
he will consider Petya to have placed stresses 
correctly if Petya placed exactly one stress in this 
word. It turned out that in some cases the impact can 
be placed to a greater extent than in any other way. 
Vasya decided that in this case, if the way Petya 
placed the stress corresponds to the options given in 
the dictionary, he will count it as a correct stress 
placement, and if it does not correspond, then as an 
error. You are given the dictionary that Vasya used and 
the homework that Petya turned in. Your task is to 
determine the number of errors that Vasya counts in 
this task.

## Input format 
The first number entered is N — the number of words in 
the dictionary (0≤N≤20000). Next come N lines with 
words from the dictionary. Each word consists of no 
more than 30 characters. All words consist of small and 
capital Latin letters. In each word, the capital letter 
is the one on which the strike falls. Words in the 
dictionary are arranged in alphabetical order. If there 
are several possible arrangements of strikes in the 
same word, then these options in the dictionary are in 
sequential order. Next comes the average, completed by 
Petya. The exercise is a text, the total value of which 
does not exceed 300,000 characters. The line consists 
of words that are separated from each other by exactly 
one space. The length of each word did not reach 30 
characters. All words consist of small and capital 
Latin letters (capital letters, designated by those 
letters, over the world community Petya struck). Petya 
could send more than one strike to some folding stock 
or not put strikes at all. 

## Output format 
You enter the
number of errors in Petya's text that Vasya will find.

