# Cubes
Anya and Borya love to play with 
multi-colored cubes, each of them has 
their own set and in each set all the 
cubes are different in color. One day 
the children became interested in how 
many colors exist such that cubes of 
each color are present in both sets. To 
do this, they numbered all the colors 
with random numbers. At this point, 
their enthusiasm dried up, so you are 
invited to help them with the rest. The 
number of any color is an integer 
between 0 and 109.

## Input format
The first line of the input file 
contains the numbers N and M â€” the 
number of cubes Anya and Borya have, 
respectively. The next N lines contain 
the color numbers of Anya's cubes. The 
last M lines contain the color numbers 
of Borya's cubes.

## Output format
First print the number, and then the 
numbers of colors sorted in ascending 
order such that cubes of each color are 
present in both sets, then the number 
and the numbers of the remaining colors 
Anya has, sorted in ascending order, 
then the number and the numbers of the 
remaining colors Borya has, sorted in 
ascending order.