# "Merry Cow Pit"
The annual tournament "Merry Cow Pit" - throwing cow dung 
for a long distance - was held on July 8-9 in the village 
of Krylovo, Osinsky District, Perm Krai.

Competitors throw a "projectile" - compressed manure, 
choosing it from a pre-prepared pile. Traditionally, 
there are a lot of people - both men and women - who want 
to practice their throwing power. Each dung thrown by the 
"Merry Cow Pit" participants was carefully examined by 
women in cow costumes, and the distance was carefully 
measured.

Cow dung throwing competitions have been held in Perm Krai since 2009.


Unfortunately, after the championship, the records with 
the names of the participants were lost, only the records 
of the throw length in the order in which the 
participants made them remained.

Tractor driver Vasily remembers three facts:

1) The number of meters he threw the flatbread ended in 5

2) One of the championship winners threw the flatbread 
before Vasily

3) The participant who threw the flatbread immediately 
after Vasily threw it fewer meters

We will assume that a participant in the competition took 
the k-th place if exactly (k − 1) of the championship 
participants threw the flatbread strictly further than he 
did.

What is the highest possible place Vasily could have 
taken?

## Input format
The first line of the input file contains an integer n — 
the number of participants in the flatbread throwing 
championship (3 ≤ n ≤ 105).

The second line of the input file contains n positive 
integers, each of which does not exceed 1000, — the 
throwing distances of the championship participants, 
listed in the order in which the throwing took place.

## Output format
Output the highest place that tractor driver Vasily could 
have taken. If there is no participant in the 
championship who satisfies the conditions described 
above, output the number 0.