# Average mark
In the lyceum, in computer science classes, 
students' answers are assessed as a whole number of 
points from 2 to 5. The final grade in computer 
science is set as the arithmetic mean of the grades 
in all lessons, rounded to the nearest whole number. 
If the average value is exactly in the middle 
between two whole numbers, the grade is rounded up.

All students in the lyceum strive to get a final 
grade in computer science of at least 4 points. 
Unfortunately, one of the students got a twos, b 
threes, and c fours in class. Now he plans to get 
several fives, and he wants the final grade to be at 
least 4 points. He needs to understand what is the 
minimum number of fives he needs to get to achieve 
his goal.

It is required to write a program that, given 
non-negative integers a, b, and c, determines the 
minimum number of fives that a student needs to get 
so that his final grade in computer science is at 
least 4 points.

## Input format
The input data contains three lines. The first line 
contains a non-negative integer a , the second line 
contains a non-negative integer b , the third line 
contains a non-negative integer c (0 ≤ a, b, c 
≤ 1015, a + b + c ≥ 1).

## Output format
The output data must contain one number: the minimum 
number of A's that a student must receive in order 
for the final grade to be at least 4 points.